added prop rotateAngle to avoid the overlapping  x-axis tick values (#322)
cerner/terra-graphs: packages/terra-graphs-docs/CHANGELOG.md

# ChangeLog

> ## Unreleased
> * Added
>   * Added examples for the Xaxis Overlapping tick values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased

* Added
  * Added examples for the X Axis Overlapping tick values.
```
Need a line break for consistency !

# ChangeLog

## Unreleased
* Added

>   * Added a Prop `rotateAngle` for overlapping X-axis tick values.

Reviewer 2: We can remove this entry
```suggestion
```
